[narrator] It is said
that every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena
is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
[rock music playing]
[narrator]
Previously on Saint Seiya...
[Argol] You cut off
your optic nerves?
Lightning Bolt!
Aiolia, will you help me?
Perhaps we all may choose
the future for ourselves.
[Vander]
Athena, Poseidon, Hades--
we know the Greek myths,
stories about the ancient gods
and their foolishness,
their vanity, their cruelty.
They weren't works of fiction.
They were works of fact.
They were a warning
to all mankind.
These selfish gods went so far
as to turn humans into Knights,
then forced them
to fight one another.
The gods exert their influence
over us and dominate our planet.
Well, today I say, "No more!"
After decades of work,
I have created our saviors,
Black Knights!
Now we have the power
to fight back against the gods.
You believed
and gave me everything you had.
Now the time for freedom
has come!
Rise.
Rise and fight with me!
-[boots stomp]
-[cheering]
[chanting] Vander Guraad!
Vander Guraad!
Vander Guraad! Vander Guraad!
[man grunting]
Eh?
[interrogator]
Still not ready to talk, huh?
-[door opens]
-What are you doing?
Call a medic! Now!
Y-Yes, sir!
I never intended this, Alman.
Nonsense.
This is exactly what you wanted.
Your actions
will only lead to violence
and death for us all.
No, Alman.
I'm trying to save mankind.
Just tell me where you hid
the Sagittarius Armor.
I promise I'll finish this.
And you'll kill our girl.
She's not a girl, Alman.
She's one of them.
You say you want
to save mankind,
but she's one of us.
She's human.
If you just stopped hating her
and tried to understand.
She's blinded you
with her appearance.
See through her lies.
Come back to your senses.
[coughs]
[sighs]
You'll never hurt her.
Pegasus will protect her
and guide her to victory again.
If Pegasus stands
on the side of the gods,
then I'll take him down, too.
Foolish Vander.
It wasn't supposed to be
like this, Alman.
[sighs]
-[sighs]
-[chime rings]
[man] Mr. Guraad, sir?
We've found their hideout.
Well done.
Commence full-scale attack.
Our first target will be Athena.
Capture her!
Yes, sir!
It doesn't matter
if they're humans or Sanctuary.
They all want the same thing,
to destroy you.
Master Alman Kido left you
a substantial fortune.
Milady,
perhaps you should run away.
But I promised.
What's important is your life.
Even if Poseidon or Hades
takes over the Earth,
what does it matter?
You can be happy,
live to a ripe, old age.
Besides...
Besides what?
[sighs] Perhaps...
Perhaps Master Alman Kido
was wrong.
What do you mean?
What if Master Alman
interpreted this all wrong?
What if there is no prophecy?
What if you're not Athena?
You're disrespecting
my grandfather.
He has been gone a very long time.
No! My grandfather must still be alive.
Please, milady,
it's time to accept reality.
I think I've heard
just about enough.
We're out of here.
[Long] Seiya, what are you doing?
-[gasps]
-[door opens]
[door closes]
[Seiya] Mylock is a pessimist.
Don't let him
change you into him.
He's not saying anything
I haven't already thought about.
My grandfather might have
been wrong about me.
I'm not going to let you
bad-mouth yourself all night.
[chuckles]
Your grandfather believes in you,
and I believe in you.
[Sienna] How can I do
what I'm supposed to do?
Humanity hates me.
Sanctuary hates me.
Well, I don't.
Neither do the others.
We like you.
What more do you want?
[laughs]
It's just like you said.
Forget about the prophecy
and destiny.
What humanity and Sanctuary
think of you doesn't matter.
The only thing that matters
is that you love this world
and you love its people.
Humanity and Sanctuary
don't know you.
They judge you
based on what they think
is going to happen in the future.
But I know you,
and I respect you
for just who you are.
You always cheer people up.
[Seiya chuckles]
I've seen a lot of negativity in my life.
I try to look
at the positive side of things.
I like that about you.
[Sienna chuckles]
[both groan]
[Black Knight laughs]
[helicopter whirring]
[gasps]
Sienna. I've been waiting for you.
Vander Guraad.
[chuckles]
[Sienna sighs]
What do you want, Guraad?
It's been a long time, Sienna.
I only want to talk.
The white pieces are Sanctuary,
thousands of years protecting
mankind from the gods.
But, because of you,
Sanctuary has split in two.
[Sienna] Sanctuary,
loyal to the Grand Master,
and the Right Ones, loyal to me.
[Vander] And the black pieces
are humanity.
A fight with three sides.
I created Black Knights
to protect mankind.
There were defects at first,
but now everything is complete.
And not just the armor.
We can now rip the Cosmo from
out of your Bronze Knights,
use it or keep it,
even stockpile it.
You must be mad.
You can't store Cosmo.
But I already have.
I have all the Cosmo in storage
underneath this building.
My Black Knights
can fight with Cosmo
without having to acquire it.
[gasps]
Now they won't stop
until they defeat the gods.
It's checkmate, Sienna.
[sighs]
What is this place?
Mountain compound.
I was here once before.
They must have Sienna inside.
[guard grunts]
-[alarm blaring]
-[Sienna gasps]
[groans]
[keypad beeps]
[machinery clanks]
It's time.
If what you're saying
is the truth,
then if I perish,
all the fighting will stop,
and there will be peace.
Yes.
I understand.
Then, take my life.
I won't resist.
Good. You're doing
the right thing.
But, before you do,
please tell me one thing.
It's my only wish.
Go on.
Was my grandfather right?
All he saw, all he believed,
am I really
the one from the prophecy?
Am I really Athena?
Why do you need to know?
Because I always believed
everything he told me
about what happened to me
and what would happen to me.
I accepted it all.
I just have to know
if he was right.
Alman Kido was the only man
on this entire planet
that I could trust.
Although we parted ways,
I can assure you
he was always
telling you the truth.
[gasps]
The only mistake he made
is that he saw you as a person,
whereas I see you
as what you are,
a god of conflict...
-[Black Knight laughs]
-destined to destroy humanity.
Here we go! Aim for the neck,
just like last time!
[Black Knights laugh]
Looks like
it's not gonna be that easy.
[Black Knights yell]
Let's do this!
Alman had to protect you,
because he thought
you were human,
but I have to destroy you,
because I know
you're a dangerous god.
But why do I
have to bear this prophecy?
Please tell me what happened.
Alman and I built
a special information engine,
one for organized crime,
political leaders, men in power.
We collected private information
and government secrets,
and we made a fortune
selling and trading that data.
That's how we found proof
of the Greek gods,
how we learned
about the Knights.
We became obsessed
with finding out more.
That's when a battle
broke out at Sanctuary
and it spilled out into our world,
to a small island.
The Gold Knights were pursuing
the traitor, Aiolos.
Alman and I
rushed to the island
to see what we could find.
What we found was you.
We accepted Aiolos' will
and took the precious baby girl
to raise you
as our own daughter.
But as I studied the properties
of the Gold Armor
and the background
of the Knights,
I didn't like
what I discovered.
I learned about the gods
and their irresponsible behavior
and their influence
over the human race,
and it scared me.
[yells]
[Black Knights laughing]
[Shaun and Magnus grunt]
Nebula Chain!
[Black Knights grunting]
[Long] Go, Seiya! Find Athena!
-What?
-She needs your help!
Now go!
I warned Alman that we had
an evil seed on our hands,
but he wouldn't listen.
I had proof that the gods
wanted to exterminate humans.
[gasps]
And I had proof that, this time,
the reincarnated Athena would
lead us to total destruction.
Three years
after we took you in,
I began to build
a defense strategy.
[Alman] The Gold Armor
was never yours to exploit!
[Vander] He couldn't
understand the danger,
and I knew that we would
never be the same again.
He believed in you,
because he was afraid of losing you,
and I believed in humanity,
because I was afraid
of sacrificing
humanity's happiness.
One night,
Alman snuck into my lab
and took the Sagittarius Gold Armor.
Then he escaped,
stealing both my Armor and you.
But I had managed to keep
the armor gauntlet,
so I could continue
my research.
I was more determined
than ever, because I knew
I was the only one
who could save humankind.
Do you remember that day
after many long years,
the day I finally
found you and Alman?
Of course I remember.
It was the last time I saw him.
[Vander] I tried to get him
to see how dangerous you were,
but I failed.
He was too far gone.
Where is my grandfather?
I can take you to him.
So you killed him.
It was my fault.
I don't expect you to believe me...
but I never meant to kill him.
Though, in your case,
it's different.
I have to do this.
Get away from her, Guraad!
-[Black Knight grunts]
-[Vander] Stop!
Don't you understand, Seiya?
I have to kill her
before she kills us all.
She's not going to kill anyone!
Why do you blindly believe
in a stupid prophecy?
Because I've seen
what will happen.
I've studied the old texts.
I've learned
what the ancients saw.
During the last war,
astronomers learned
that the next reincarnation
of Athena
would take place on the syzygy,
a point in time and history
where Hades would have
the most power.
He would become unstoppable.
The Knights and the gods
both knew this would happen.
The legendary
Silver Armor of Clatteris
had the power
to predict the future.
Within the reincarnated Athena,
the Grand Master saw
the power of Poseidon
to dry up mankind's water
and the power of Hades
to take mankind's light...
the Earth covered
in drought and darkness.
No. Don't.
Thank you, Seiya,
but this is my responsibility.
Vander, I can see
that you care for mankind,
but I need you to understand
that I also
truly care for mankind,
not just because my grandfather taught me,
but because I simply do.
Now I understand
what my grandfather saw.
Sadly, this confrontation
isn't going to solve our problems.
Grandfather left me
the Right Ones.
[gasps]
[Sienna] As long as they believe in me,
I will continue to carry
the legacy that he created.
That's the only hope we have.
No! I created the power
to save mankind, not him!
Vander, please. Stand down,
and we can work together.
Creating weapons
won't solve anything.
But it does...
if you die now.
-[yells]
-No, you don't!
[Vander groans]
[Seiya] Let's go!
Run! Mylock will meet us
at the heliport!
-[intercom beeps]
-All Black Knights, engage!
Kill Athena and
the Bronze Knights on sight!
-[power hums]
-[machinery clanks]
[Black Knights laugh]
[groans]
Leave her alone!
[Black Knights laugh]
Are you hurt?
No. You?
A little.
Okay, maybe a lot.
-[Long] Sounds like trouble.
-[gasps]
[Magnus] Looks like it, too.
[Long yells]
[Seiya grunting]
Nebula Chain!
[Shaun] They have five
to our four.
Anyone have a plan?
I have a plan.
Guraad told me that he has Cosmo
stored under the building.
We need to release
the Cosmo from the tank.
Release it? Wait.
You're gonna blow it up?
If we don't release the Cosmo,
Guraad will come at us
over and over.
Seiya, we have to free it.
Okay, then.
Long and I
will take out Guraad's Cosmo.
Magnus and Shaun,
get Sienna to the heliport.
I'm coming with you.
We're going to have
to fight our way
down to the basement,
then fight our way back up.
There's no way we can
protect you through it.
Then, don't.
I can take care of myself.
Besides, I can release
the stored Cosmo.
Okay. New equally terrible plan.
Magnus and Shaun,
get to the heliport.
We'll meet you there. Go!
Got it.
-Hurry!
-[grunts]
Diamond Dust!
Die!
[Black Knights groan]
I'll hold them.
You two get to the storage room.
Sienna, let's go!
I'm with you.
This Bronze Knight, he's blind.
How do you expect to fight us
without eyes, you fool?
I may not have eyes,
but I can see more.
My senses are sharper.
My hearing, my touch,
my sense of smell.
Hah!
Try me.
[Black Knights yell]
-[alarm blaring]
-[power humming]
This is it. This is
where Guraad is storing Cosmo.
The Cosmo...
Poor thing.
You were never meant
to be trapped in here like this.
[alarm blaring]
I hate these guys.
[yells]
[computer] Alert!
Cosmo levels fluctuating.
Pressure levels rising.
That's it, Sienna.
We've gotta go!
[Shaun] What's happening?
Eh?
[growls]
Sienna, we're out of time!
Sienna!
[ballad playing]